SUNIL  TELANG, [Sep 2, 2020 at 10:29 AM]
Got some part, but it is one sided---SUNIL TELANG:
Good Morning

Good going.

Today some marketing

What about your schedule??

Yes

Today got profit btc withdrawal from Alcore .It was too lazy.Took 4 - 5 hrs to deposit.

Let the profit come. Then get momentum

It is easy to convince them but difficult to make ready to invest.

Still started

From Score made 100 $ in 15 days

Alcore

Yes, but it is starting

Here is great amount of money, That is the problem to believe them

No means. I am positive always. If one person succeeded then it is possible.

Yeah游때游때

Ok.

Let the cycle complete

In Alcore 10 days or 20 days period fixed.

Do you know about SEC approval

No partly

That is the Point. I think in US every company must get SEC approved.It is like a security license

Investers like to know whether it got SEC approval or not

Now a days Every company needs a Product.

To start investment or Net Working

If. No Product No Trust

In India Company without producing any product comes into Ponzy Schemes to collect money. So no security.

Yes That is OK.

So they ask for SEC

That is neither legal nor illegal

No

Yes.Some country allows it.In india we just won the case in Supreme Court to start crypto

I m sure, so I invested. I m not blaming anyone.

I am talking about invested querries

Investors

Oh no. But I talked to some persons

No, They are jack of all but Master of None

Sometime our minds should be clear & confident to convince anyone.

Don't worry.We have to search for moon not stars.

Are u angry with me??

Ok.Just curiosity.

Yes.You explain wisely

Now no more question , I am thinking what to do after earning so much milney.

Money

I dreamed of having enough money from Any pool, Then how to spend it.

Antpool

I have too responsibility, but don't bother for them.Let them be independent to face.

My parents didn't left much for me but I established. So I want same from my children.

They are more intelligent to convince us.

Hellp

Hello

Ok. Raining with thunder

No electricity.Sitting In dark

So you returned it

游때游때

But good one. Cool weather

Cute girl smiling like your DP

Ok. Light came back.游땕游땕

Do you understand Hindi language ??

I was practising some Hindi movie songs on karaoke tracks.

I think your main language is Portugese.

Ok.Some home work. Talk you later, Bye.

Good Evening

Busy ??

Many persons want to chat me on Telegram.4-5 Hello Pending

Asking about Alcore

Do they recognise my joining in Alcore Group.

游땕游땕游땕Got 1st Profit $ 60 in Antpool